#
# Native language support configuration
#

menu "Native Language Support"

config NLS
	tristate "Base native language support"
	---help---
	  The base Native Language Support. A number of filesystems
	  depend on it (e.g. FAT, JOLIET, NT, BEOS filesystems), as well
	  as the ability of some filesystems to use native languages
	  (NCP, SMB).

	  If unsure, say Y.

	  To compile this code as a module, choose M here: the module
	  will be called nls_base.

config NLS_DEFAULT
	string "Default NLS Option"
	depends on NLS
	default "iso8859-1"
	---help---
	  The default NLS used when mounting file system. Note, that this is
	  the NLS used by your console, not the NLS used by a specific file
	  system (if different) to store data (filenames) on a disk.

	  If unsure, specify it as "iso8859-1".

config NLS_ASCII
	tristate "ASCII (United States)"
	depends on NLS
	help
	  An ASCII NLS module is needed if you want to override the
	  DEFAULT NLS with this very basic charset and don't want any
	  non-ASCII characters to be translated.

config NLS_ISO8859_1
	tristate "NLS ISO 8859-1  (Latin 1; Western European Languages)"
	depends on NLS
	help
	  If you want to display filenames with native language characters
	  from the Microsoft FAT file system family or from JOLIET CD-ROMs
	  correctly on the screen, you need to include the appropriate
	  input/output character sets. Say Y here for the Latin 1 character
	  set, which covers most West European languages such as Albanian,
	  Catalan, Danish, Dutch, English, Faeroese, Finnish, French, German,
	  Galician, Irish, Icelandic, Italian, Norwegian, Portuguese, Spanish,
	  and Swedish. It is also the default for the US. If unsure, say Y.

config NLS_UTF8
	tristate "NLS UTF8"
	depends on NLS
	help
	  If you want to display filenames with native language characters
	  from the Microsoft FAT file system family or from JOLIET CD-ROMs
	  correctly on the screen, you need to include the appropriate
	  input/output character sets. Say Y here for the UTF-8 encoding of
	  the Unicode/ISO9646 universal character set.

endmenu

